Title: Capstone Project Front End (Full Stack Development Part 1)

Summary:
Hi,
Muy name is Dhanesh Khurana. This is the first time, I am buiding a front-end project and writing a thought note 
of which I have very little knowledge and experience. But I am always open to learning. 
Pardon me, and let me know wherever I make mistake or improvemnet can be made.
It's been ten days, since I have been working solely on this project. I am not good at drawing, painting or 
color selection. So, pardon my UI sense. 
But I have tried enought to include all functionalities and interactivity.

Technical Summary:
This project has been divided into many parts. viz:
    i) components:
        This folder containg small components of html like header and footer which are dynamically included on each page. 
    ii) css:
        I have used SASS here which is compiled to CSS and included in each web-page.
    iii) js:
        This folder contain all the javascript code. "Common.js" is file which hosts some common functions and 
        hence is incuded in all web-pages.
        Header and footer are also included using includeHedaer() function.
    iv) pages:
        This folder contains all the web-pages like login.html except home-page which is coded in index.html file and placed at
        root folder.
    v) img:
        This folder contain all the images used in this project. Please forgive me for not using unique images in 
        each web-page. It was getting very hectic and tiresome to download and use images with unique URLs 
        everywhere. So instead I downloaded 16 pictures named then in numbers and included then in each page 
        using simple javascript.

I have installed and used http-server to deploy my project locally using npm. As far as I could check in this 
tiersome condition, I did and everything was working flawlessly and was fully responsive.
But still, if anyI had any mistake, please let me know.
One thing, I was still struggling with was overriding bootstrap variables. Due to lack of time I could not complete
that experiment, but yet I have made sure through work-arounds that everything works fine.
Thankyou.

I have also used git and github. Here's the link to the same project on github.
https://github.com/DhaneshKhurana/IS_Ecom_Front


